README.md, before:

# Capstone-Project- BuiltToRoam


# User Stories:

Landing Page:
1. The landing page displays a navigation bar at the top with the site name (BuiltToRoam), a link to Log In or to Sign Up for an account. Below that, there is a image carousel that holds a search bar in the center of it for the user to search for a city, park, or trail name. Below the image carousel, there is a gallery of trail categories to choose from, so that the user can see trails that fit their specific needs. At the bottom of the landing page, there is a link to a informational page about how to hike alone or information needed if you are new to hiking.

Log In Page:
1. The user is prompted to enter in their email address and password to sign into their account.
2. The user will click on Login after entering in email address and password and is directed to their favorite trail lists, profile information, trail map information, etc. The user will then have full access to all BuilToRoam user features.
3. If the user doesn't already have an account, there is a link below the input fields to Sign Up for an account. When the user clicks on the Sign Up link they are then directed to the Sign Up page. 

Sign Up Page:
1. The user is prompted to enter in their first name, last name, email address, password, and re-enter their chosen password.
2. The user then can click on the Sign Up button.
3. The user will then be directed to the Login page to login into their account. 
4. If the user already has an account and is on the Sign Up page, there is a link to the Login page below the input fields. 

User Profile Page:
1. If the user clicks on the link for their profile, they will be directed to their profile page which shows their first name, last name, and email address.
2. If the user needs to update any of those fields, they can click on the button to the right of the field and enter in their new preferred information. This will automatically update their account to hold the new information. 
3. On the navigation bar of this page, the user can click on the link back to their favorite trails, the link to logout of their account, and the site name can be clicked to go back to the landing page. 
4. If the user clicks on the Logout link, they will be directed to the landing page. 

Favorite Trails Page:
1.
2.
3.

Trail Category Show Page
1.
2.
3.

Tips For Safe Exploring Page
1.
2.
3.

Plan A Community Hike Page
1.
2.
3.

View Future Community Hike
1.
2.
3.


# Planning

Wireframes: https://lesleysauter291576.invisionapp.com/freehand/Capstone-Project-4zIuxzOJp

Commit message:

finished user stories on readme.md

README.md, after:

# Capstone-Project- BuiltToRoam


# User Stories:

Landing Page:
1. The landing page displays a navigation bar at the top with the site name (BuiltToRoam), a link to Log In or to Sign Up for an account. Below that, there is a image carousel that holds a search bar in the center of it for the user to search for a city, park, or trail name. Below the image carousel, there is a gallery of trail categories to choose from, so that the user can see trails that fit their specific needs. At the bottom of the landing page, there is a link to a informational page about how to hike alone or information needed if you are new to hiking.

Log In Page:
1. The user is prompted to enter in their email address and password to sign into their account.
2. The user will click on Login after entering in email address and password and is directed to their favorite trail lists, profile information, trail map information, etc. The user will then have full access to all BuilToRoam user features.
3. If the user doesn't already have an account, there is a link below the input fields to Sign Up for an account. When the user clicks on the Sign Up link they are then directed to the Sign Up page. 

Sign Up Page:
1. The user is prompted to enter in their first name, last name, email address, password, and re-enter their chosen password.
2. The user then can click on the Sign Up button.
3. The user will then be directed to the Login page to login into their account. 
4. If the user already has an account and is on the Sign Up page, there is a link to the Login page below the input fields. 

User Profile Page:
1. If the user clicks on the link for their profile, they will be directed to their profile page which shows their first name, last name, and email address.
2. If the user needs to update any of those fields, they can click on the button to the right of the field and enter in their new preferred information. This will automatically update their account to hold the new information. 
3. On the navigation bar of this page, the user can click on the link back to their favorite trails, the link to logout of their account, and the site name can be clicked to go back to the landing page. 
4. If the user clicks on the Logout link, they will be directed to the landing page. 

Favorite Trails Page:
1. This page will show all of the trails that the current user has clicked the "heart" attached to said trail.
2. It allows the user to revisit all of the trails the user has either visited already or is interested in.
3. The user can view the map of each trail and see the name, location, rating, difficulty, and length.
4. The ability to unfavorite a trail will be available by clicking the "heart" attached to said trail again. This will then remove that trail from the user's favorite trails list, and it will not appear on their favorite trails any longer. 
5. This page will allow a user to view future events for the trail(s) selected by clicking the "View future events for this trail" button. 

Trail Category Show Page
1. On the landing page there is a gallery of trail categories available to the users to select from to get a more refined search of a trail that they are looking for. 
2. Once a user clicks on a trail category it will show a list of different trails that are in that category for the user to interact with. 
3. This page will allow a user to view future events for the trail(s) selected by clicking the "View future events for this trail" button. 

Tips For Safe Exploring Page
1. This page displays a list of resource links for the user to click on that gives informational tips on how to plan for hikes, how to hike alone safely, and new to hiking tips. These links direct them to another page outside of this site.
2. A checklist is provided on the page to help users plan for their hikes and know what to bring along to fit their needs.
3. This page is available to users who don't already have an account. 

Create A Community Hike Page
1. When a user clicks on "create an event" button on a trail, it directs them to this page to input information needed to create a community hike. 
2. The user is required to input a description of community hike, date, and time. 
3. Once the user is finished inputting the information, they will then click submit to generate the community hike. 
4. The name of trail, location, and map of the selected trail prepopulates on this page for them based on the trail they selected "create an event" buttom from. 

View Future Community Hike
1. This page will display all of the information about the future community hike that the user who created submitted.
2. Information that will display is the name of trail, location, map, date, time, and number of users RSVP'ed.
3. If the user that created this event is viewing this page, they will be able to delete the event by clicking on the "Delete event" button.


# Planning

Wireframes: https://lesleysauter291576.invisionapp.com/freehand/Capstone-Project-4zIuxzOJp

Technologies To Be Used: Django, Python, and PostgreSQL.

ERD:  ERD.drawio file
